Embarcadero RAD Studio XE5 Working Crack

I will guide you through the steps, describing them as clearly as I can. 
You must do exactly what each step says to avoid the crack not working. 
I have included images for each step (except step 1, I think that is easy 
enough for everyone to do) to try make it easier if you're struggling. Each 
image is named according to the corrosponding step.

NOTE: These cracks do not contain any type of virus, trojan, spyware or any 
crap like that. They are legit and work 100%. Tested on Windows 7 64bit.
Some anti-virus programs will delete cracking programs, so both cracking 
programs are provided as encrypted RAR files.  The password to extract the
files is 12345.

Steps:

0. Disable anti-virus (probably not necessary).

1. Download Embarcadero RAD Studio XE5 from Embarcadero's official website. 
     (It's much faster than having to download it via a torrent)

Link:
http://altd.embarcadero.com/download/radstudio/xe5/delphicbuilder_xe5_win.iso

2. Mount the .iso file (with which ever software you prefer, I used Alcohol 120%) 
   and start the installer. (If you don't know how to mount a .iso file with Alcohol 
   120% (or your software of choice), just Google it)

3. When the serial number part of the installer is displayed, open the Keygen.exe 
   program and select "Embarcadero Delphi & C++Builder XE5 Architect" from the "[Product]" 
   list (It should already be selected by default).  Click "Generate Serial" and copy 
   the generated serial number into the installer and click next to continue the installer.  
   Copy/paste is clunky.  Do this for each of the four sections carefully.
   Edit the Serial Number as needed until it is exactly as it appears in the keygen.
   (Note: DO NOT click on "Generate Activation File", it is not needed for this installation 
   and might cause the crack not to work. You can close the Keygen.exe program at this point 
   if you wish.) 

4. Wait for the installation to finish.  It might take a long time, so be patient.
   Uncheck "Automatically check for updates..." and "View additional available downloads".
   Click Finish, then close the main installer program.  Do not run Rad Studio XE5 Program yet.

5. Open the Activator.exe program and click on the "Active" button to complete the cracking process. 
   A dialog box will appear that says "OK!" if the cracking was succesful. (It is not necessary 
   to copy the Activator.exe program to the install directory. You can run it from anywhere.)  
   Click the OK button, then Exit the Activator.

6. Run Embarcadero RAD Studio XE5 via the Start button, or you can click on the "Run EX5" button in the 
   Activator.exe program. 
     Allow Windows Firewall to block the program.  Open Windows Firewall to verify that the program is blocked.
     You can always allow it later if you need to.  Protect the crack by going online with this
     program as little as possible.  I do not know if it is safe to go online with this program.
     
7. Click Help/about.  See the three pictures.  Run all three programs, and verify that they are
   all licensed.  The programs are cracked and ready to use.  Never update this program.  I do not 
   know if it is possible to update this installation.  If you are able to do it successfully, 
   please let us know in the comment section.



