At the start of the year I was working on Generic Comms following development the year before, which was then released and is now in regular use by the labs.

I also started work on Referred Boxes which is part of Storeman.

In April I had to take 6 weeks of leave.

In May I repaired a critical fault in the SMS system which was caused by a change to the server configuration. I was able to find, debug and repair the problem quickly so that there was minimal interruption to the service. I then did a major tidy-up of all the systems involved with importing the steering files.

In June I had to repair or rather rebuild the Steering file Information Generator (STIG) which is used by Richard Grey for Breast Cancer. An Ingres upgrade had broken the Python ODBC driver on the server 'xrat' so I rebuilt the web application in PHP rather than Python. It is still working and is in regular use.

In July Martin, Nick and I agreed that Referred Boxes was finished and I could move on to the next part of Storeman, the Retrieval Assistant. The spec for this developed over the next few months following quite a lot of discussion. The release date for the whole of Storeman was originally 1st Oct, but various database upgrades have pushed everyone's work back considerably, so at the end of the year Retrieval Assistant was almost complete but not quite. I hope to have it completed very soon. Also, these upgrades broke the previous project, Referred Boxes, and I had to spend some time adapting it to the new database structure, so that took time out of Retrieval Assistant development.

In September I had to move house for the fifth time in three years, which disrupted things somewhat. I had a lot of problems in the previous house with some troublesome housemates. Suffice to say, my work was may have been affected to some degree during this time. I am much better settled now though.

I think I would have been able to have the Retrieval Assistant completed by the end of 2013, had it not been for several database upgrades which have disrupted things for everyone working on Storeman. However I can see that those upgrades were necessary, and though it was frustrating having to repair previously working code on both Retrieval Assistant and Referred Boxes to get back to where they were before the upgrades, those problems have been dealt with, and those programs are now future-proofed (hopefully) for the coming versions of the live database.

Also, I have taken care of ongoing occasional duties such as administering CVS repositories, helping with Linux server configuration, and making changes to the EBCTCG website.

There is always room for improvement of course, and I have been affected by some difficult personal circumstances and some underlying health problems. I am aware that some projects have taken rather a long time, but I would also say that the projects that I complete generally work well and rarely need further attention. I prefer to get things right the first time rather than rush things.

The next task for me will be Discard Boxes (another part of Storeman), and then probably more labs work. If there is time, I would like to do some more work on the Nova project which made a lot of progress towards replacing a lot of the old breast cancer systems but got sidelined due to the urgency of the labs work.

---

STIG repair/rebuild from Python to PHP because 
[cp@xrat stig]$ pwd
/user/cp/nova-import/src/stig
	Jun 26  2013 index.php

In June 28th
 discussed Retrieval Assistant

Full retrasst spec mid-July

--

